#sidebar TOCArticles

Thanks all the people who ever help and contribe to UCIMF project. Without them, UCIMF cannot reach to  the achievements today as you see.

_ ( Descending with date )_


* Aron Xu *
    * The great works for ucimf debian packages.

* morebtcg *
    * Patch for unusual screen resolution 1366x768. 

* Eric Zhao *
    * Provide an execellent automatical download and build script.

* oahong *
    * Several document refinement.
    * gentoo porting and package maintainance

* Qi Wenmin *
	* fbterm testing
	* arch tarball package maintainance

* Drag Chan *
        * The great work of FbTerm ( http://code.google.com/p/fbterm/ )
	* fbterm IM API design and implementation with excellent program structure
	* excellent issue support

* Fourdollars *
	* autotool package refinement

* Andy *
  * arch porting
  * arch svn packages maintainance.

* darksair *
	* arch porting

* nico65 *
	* jfbterm patch suggestion
	* debian usage suggestion

* Hu Yong and Zhang Le *
  * The greate works for zhcon.
  * PCF support reference hints.
  * Discussion about unicode console terminals. 

* Lukhnos D. Liu *
  * The great work of OpenVanilla project. ( http://openvanilla.org )
  * OpenVanilla IMF support
  * IMF introduction

* jserv *
	* suggest to use SVN and hosting svn.csie.net
	* donate to UCIMF maintainance
	* handle license issue for framework interface.

* YoungChol *
  * The great work of TII ( http://wiki.kldp.org/wiki.php/tii )
  * Excellent reference for early iiimf part of UCIMF

* thhsieh *
	* suggest to use iconv for string encoding handling

* Hideki Hiura *
    * The great work of IIIMF
    * suggest about libiiimcf

* Jiro Sekiba *
    * The great work of fbiterm
    * fbiterm's source code discussions


_Please remind us, if there is something missing,  thank you sincerely._