.\"                                      Hey, EMACS: -*- nroff -*-
.\" First parameter, NAME, should be all caps
.\" Second parameter, SECTION, should be 1-8, maybe w/ subsection
.\" other parameters are allowed: see man(7), man(1)
.TH UCIMF_START 1 "January 29, 2010"
.\" Please adjust this date whenever revising the manpage.
.\"
.\" Some roff macros, for reference:
.\" .nh        disable hyphenation
.\" .hy        enable hyphenation
.\" .ad l      left justify
.\" .ad b      justify to both left and right margins
.\" .nf        disable filling
.\" .fi        enable filling
.\" .br        insert line break
.\" .sp <n>    insert n+1 empty lines
.\" for manpage-specific macros, see man(7)
.SH NAME
ucimf_start \- libucimf unicode console input method framework starter
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B ucimf_start
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBucimf_start\fP is an assistant program to help setting up ucimf and 
start consle terminal program.
.PP
.SH NOTICE
\fBucimf_start\fP needs to be set setuid to root (and setgid to utmp) to 
be functional, otherwise users cannot use keyboard shortcut in fbterm 
because Debian does not install fbterm with setuid by default.
.PP
setuid to root could probably \fBdo harm to your security\fP, so set it at your 
own risk. If you run FbTerm, use \fIfbterm \-i fbterm_ucimf\fP to start it 
instead.
.PP
\fBucimf\fP needs to run under an UTF\-8 consle environment, please 
use \fBlocale \-a\fP to see the UTF\-8 locales that your system is supported 
and use command like \fBexport LC_ALL=zh_CN.UTF\-8\fP to set up the locale.
.PP
.\" TeX users may be more comfortable with the \fB<whatever>\fP and
.\" \fI<whatever>\fP escape sequences to invode bold face and italics,
.\" respectively.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR ucimf (1),
.BR ucimf_keyboard (1),
.BR ucimf.conf (5).
.br
.SH AUTHOR
libucimf was written by Chun\-Yu Lee (Mat) <MatLinuxer2@gmail.com> and Jim Huang <jserv.tw@gmail.com>.
.PP
This manual page was written by Aron Xu <happyaron.xu@gmail.com>,
for the Debian project (and may be used by others).
