.\"                                      Hey, EMACS: -*- nroff -*-
.\" First parameter, NAME, should be all caps
.\" Second parameter, SECTION, should be 1-8, maybe w/ subsection
.\" other parameters are allowed: see man(7), man(1)
.TH UCIMF 1 "January 29, 2010"
.\" Please adjust this date whenever revising the manpage.
.\"
.\" Some roff macros, for reference:
.\" .nh        disable hyphenation
.\" .hy        enable hyphenation
.\" .ad l      left justify
.\" .ad b      justify to both left and right margins
.\" .nf        disable filling
.\" .fi        enable filling
.\" .br        insert line break
.\" .sp <n>    insert n+1 empty lines
.\" for manpage-specific macros, see man(7)
.SH NAME
ucimf \- unicode console input method framework 
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBucimf\fP is an input method framework designed for Linux unicode console.
.PP
.SH FEATURE
 • Support UTF-8 
.br
 • Support OpenVanilla Modules
.br
 • Support PCF, TrueType Font
.br
 • Provide OverSpot style compose window
.br
 • Provide C/C++ API
.br
.PP
.SH BOOT PARAMETERS
Framebuffer mode is needed.
.PP
You can add "vga=XXX" to LILO, GRUB, or other bootloaders to let the kernel
start with proper framebuffer mode automatically.
.br
vga=785  (640x480, 16 ), vga=788  (800x600, 16 ), vga=791  (1024x768, 16 ), 
vga=794  (1280x1024, 16 )
.PP

.SH USAGE
\fBucimf\fP needs to run under an UTF-8 consle environment, please 
use \fBlocale -a\fP to see the UTF-8 locales that your system is supported 
and use command like \fBexport LC_ALL=zh_CN.UTF-8\fP to set up the locale.
.PP
To start ucimf with FbTerm, prefer to install \fBfbterm-ucimf\fP package and 
run \fIfbterm -i fbterm_ucimf\fP, or see \fBucimf_start(1)\fP as an 
not-recommended alternate.
.PP
When the user is running an \fIFbTerm\fP, key combination \fBCtrl+Space\fP is 
the switch of enable/disable the input method, \fBCtrl+ShiftLeft\fP to 
switch to next input method, and \fBCtrl+ShiftRight\fP to switch to next input 
method framework.
.br
For \fIjfbterm\fP, \fBF12\fP is the switch of enable/disable the input method, 
\fBF11\fP to switch to next input method, and \fBF10\fP to next input method 
framework.
.PP
If the user wishes to use Ctrl+Space and Ctrl+ShiftLeft under jfbterm, please 
use \fBucimf_keyboard\fP, which maps Ctrl+Space to F12, and Ctrl+ShiftLeft to 
F11.
.PP
.SH TABLE MANAGEMENT
\fBucimf\fP use standard *.cin files directly to manage its input method 
tables, per-user input method tables is put in 
.br
\fI~/.openvanilla/OVIMGeneric/\fP.
.PP
Installing or removing a table is simply copy or remove a file in that directory.
.PP
The order of loading table is managed by the name of the table files, for exaple 
you can name your tables like this:
.br
\fI01_xxx.cin\fP, \fI02_xyz.cin\fP, \fI03_aaa.cin\fP, ...
.br
ucimf will follow this order while loading input method tables.
.PP
.SH SHELL ENVIROMENT
\fBLC_CTYPE\fP - use \fIUTF-8\fP as to recogize characters. For example:
.br
\fIexport LC_CTYPE=zh_CN.UTF-8\fP
.PP
\fBOVMODULE_DIR\fP - to customize OpenVanilla modules location at run-time. 
For example:
.br
\fIexport OVMODULE_DIR=/usr/lib/openvanilla/\fP
.PP

.\" TeX users may be more comfortable with the \fB<whatever>\fP and
.\" \fI<whatever>\fP escape sequences to invode bold face and italics,
.\" respectively.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR ucimf_start (1),
.BR ucimf_keyboard (1),
.BR ucimf.conf (5).
.br
.SH AUTHOR
libucimf was written by Chun-Yu Lee (Mat) <MatLinuxer2@gmail.com> and Jim Huang <jserv.tw@gmail.com>.
.PP
This manual page was written by Aron Xu <happyaron.xu@gmail.com>,
for the Debian project (and may be used by others).
