.\"                                      Hey, EMACS: -*- nroff -*-
.\" First parameter, NAME, should be all caps
.\" Second parameter, SECTION, should be 1-8, maybe w/ subsection
.\" other parameters are allowed: see man(7), man(1)
.TH FBTERM_UCIMF 1 "Feburary 17, 2010"
.\" Please adjust this date whenever revising the manpage.
.\"
.\" Some roff macros, for reference:
.\" .nh        disable hyphenation
.\" .hy        enable hyphenation
.\" .ad l      left justify
.\" .ad b      justify to both left and right margins
.\" .nf        disable filling
.\" .fi        enable filling
.\" .br        insert line break
.\" .sp <n>    insert n+1 empty lines
.\" for manpage-specific macros, see man(7)
.SH NAME
fbterm_ucimf \- ucimf input method interface for fbterm
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B fbterm-ucimf
.SH DESCRIPTION
This manual page documents briefly the
.B fbterm_ucimf
commands.
.PP
.\" TeX users may be more comfortable with the \fB<whatever>\fP and
.\" \fI<whatever>\fP escape sequences to invode bold face and italics,
.\" respectively.
\fBfbterm_ucimf\fP is a program that providing an interface for fbterm 
using ucimf, the Linux unicode framebuffer consle input method framework.
.PP
This program is intended to be work with a non-setuid fbterm using 
\fBfbterm -i fbterm_ucimf\fP command, however because of some unresolved 
problem in fbterm package this aim has not been achieved yet. 
.PP
Currently this program is the only known working solution to start 
ucimf in Debian. Setuid fbterm is required, use command 
\fBchown root:utmp /usr/bin/fbterm\fP to change its user/group to 
root/utmp, and \fBchmod 6755 /usr/bin/fbterm\fP to change make it setuid. 
After doing so users without root privilege are able to load the input 
method with \fBfbterm -i fbterm_ucimf\fP while starting fbterm, then press 
Ctrl+Space to activate the input method, and Ctrl+Shift to switch among 
the input methods to find your preferred one.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR ucimf (1).
.br
.SH AUTHOR
libucimf was written by Chun-Yu Lee (Mat) <MatLinuxer2@gmail.com> and Jim Huang <jserv.tw@gmail.com>.
.PP
This manual page was written by Aron Xu <happyaron.xu@gmail.com>,
for the Debian project (and may be used by others).
